README.md, before:

# EcoRebates - Home Appliance Rebate Locator Platform

**Demo Platform for LG Electronics RFP**

A comprehensive rebate discovery platform designed for home appliances and HVAC systems with enterprise-grade analytics and **production-ready embeddable widget**.

🎉 **NEW**: This demo now includes a **fully functional, copy-paste embeddable widget** that works on any website!

## 🎯 Overview

This demo showcases a complete solution for LG Electronics' rebate locator requirements, including:

- **Smart Rebate Discovery Tool** - ZIP code and category-based search
- **Advanced Analytics Dashboard** - Real-time metrics, funnels, and geographic insights
- **Embeddable Widget** - White-label solution with customizable CSS
- **WCAG 2.2 AA Compliance** - Full accessibility support

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Installation

```bash
npm install
```

### Development

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) in your browser.

### Build

```bash
# Build main site only
npm run build

# Build embeddable widget only
npm run build:widget

# Build everything (recommended for deployment)
npm run build:all
```

### 🎯 **Want to skip straight to deployment?**
See **[QUICKSTART.md](./QUICKSTART.md)** for 5-minute Vercel deployment guide!

## 📋 Key Features

### Rebate Locator Tool
- ✅ ZIP code-based search
- ✅ Product category filtering (HVAC, Water Heating, Kitchen Appliances, etc.)
- ✅ Federal, state, and utility provider rebates
- ✅ Direct links to rebate applications
- ✅ Responsive mobile-first design

### Analytics Dashboard
- ✅ Real-time KPIs (visitors, searches, clicks, conversion rates)
- ✅ Engagement trend charts
- ✅ Category performance analysis
- ✅ Conversion funnel visualization
- ✅ Geographic insights with top ZIP codes
- ✅ Device distribution analytics
- ✅ Top performing rebates tracking

### Embeddable Widget ⭐ **PRODUCTION-READY**
- ✅ **Real, working widget** - Not a mockup!
- ✅ Simple script tag integration
- ✅ Self-contained (~205KB, 64KB gzipped)
- ✅ Three deployment modes:
  - Product page integration (auto-populated)
  - Category page integration
  - Standalone rebate finder
- ✅ Customizable theming (colors, fonts)
- ✅ Works with all major CMS platforms
- ✅ Auto-initialization option (no JS required)
- ✅ Copy-paste ready - works immediately
- 🎥 **[View live examples](/white-label-demo.html)** after deployment

## 🔧 Technical Stack

- **Frontend**: React 18 + Vite
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **Charts**: Recharts
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **Routing**: React Router DOM

## 🏢 RFP Requirements Coverage

### ✅ Core Functionality
- [x] ZIP code, product category, and provider search
- [x] Dynamically generated tool for specific product pages
- [x] Standalone embeddable tool for category/rebate pages
- [x] User engagement tracking
- [x] White-label with customizable CSS

### ✅ Analytics & Reporting
- [x] Real-time analytics dashboards
- [x] User activity tracking (page views, sessions, searches)
- [x] Search behavior analytics
- [x] Click-through and conversion tracking
- [x] Geographic distribution insights
- [x] Device attribution
- [x] Engagement funnel visualization
- [x] Monthly usage summaries
- [x] Top category and rebate performance

### ✅ Integration Support
- [x] Akeneo PIM integration (via Apigee) - Architecture demonstrated
- [x] Multiple CMS compatibility (Contentstack, Umbraco, WordPress, Drupal)
- [x] Google Analytics 4 integration ready
- [x] Marketing automation (MCAE/Pardot) compatible
- [x] Salesforce ecosystem integration

### ✅ Accessibility
- [x] WCAG 2.2 AA compliant
- [x] ARIA labels throughout
- [x] Keyboard navigation support
- [x] Proper semantic HTML
- [x] High contrast color schemes

## 📊 Demo Data

The demo includes realistic mock data:
- 10 diverse rebate programs across multiple categories
- Federal IRA programs and utility provider rebates
- 45,000+ visitor analytics
- Multiple geographic regions (NY, CA, IL, TX, FL)

## 🎨 Widget Integration & Customization

### Basic Usage

```html
<!-- Add container -->
<div id="rebate-widget"></div>

<!-- Load widget (replace with your deployed URL) -->
<script src="https://your-project.vercel.app/widget.iife.js"></script>

<!-- Initialize -->
<script>
  RebateLocator.init({
    container: '#rebate-widget'
  });
</script>
```

### Advanced Configuration

```javascript
RebateLocator.init({
  container: '#rebate-widget',       // Required: CSS selector or DOM element
  mode: 'embedded',                  // 'embedded' or 'standalone'
  category: 'HVAC',                  // Pre-select category
  primaryColor: '#8b5cf6',           // Custom brand color
  productSku: 'HVAC-HP-2024',       // For product pages
  autoPopulateZip: true,             // Auto-detect ZIP code
  showFilters: true,                 // Show category filters
  enableAnalytics: true              // Enable tracking
});
```

### Auto-Initialize (No JavaScript)

```html
<div 
  data-rebate-locator
  data-category="Water Heating"
  data-primary-color="#0284c7"
></div>
```

📚 **Full documentation**: See [WIDGET_DEPLOYMENT.md](./WIDGET_DEPLOYMENT.md) for complete integration guide.

## 📈 Analytics Features

### Real-Time Metrics
- Total visitors and unique users
- Search volume and patterns
- Click-through rates
- Conversion tracking

### Visualizations
- Line charts for trend analysis
- Bar charts for category performance
- Pie charts for device distribution
- Funnel diagrams for conversion paths
- Geographic heatmaps for demand analysis

### Reporting
- Scheduled email reports
- CSV/Excel/PDF exports
- Role-based dashboard access
- Custom date range filtering

## 🔐 Security & Compliance

- Role-based access control for analytics
- Data warehouse integration (BigQuery/Snowflake ready)
- ≤15 minute data refresh latency
- 95%+ data accuracy guarantee
- Full WCAG 2.2 AA compliance

## 📱 Responsive Design

Fully responsive across all devices:
- Desktop (1920px+)
- Laptop (1024px+)
- Tablet (768px+)
- Mobile (320px+)

## 🎯 Use Cases

1. **Product Pages**: Auto-populate rebates for specific SKUs
2. **Category Pages**: Show all rebates for product categories
3. **Dedicated Rebate Pages**: Full-featured rebate finder
4. **Marketing Campaigns**: Track campaign attribution
5. **Partner Portals**: White-label for utility partners

## 📞 Support

Built to support:
- 9am-5pm EST business hours
- Multi-timezone team coordination
- Continuous uptime during peak periods
- Proof of performance documentation

## 🏗️ Architecture Highlights

- **Modular Components**: Reusable React components
- **API-First Design**: Ready for backend integration
- **Performance Optimized**: Fast initial load and interactions
- **SEO Friendly**: Server-side rendering ready
- **Analytics Tracking**: Event-driven architecture

## 📚 Documentation

- **[QUICKSTART.md](./QUICKSTART.md)** - 5-minute deployment guide
- **[WIDGET_DEPLOYMENT.md](./WIDGET_DEPLOYMENT.md)** - Complete widget integration guide
- **[PRESENTATION_GUIDE.md](./PRESENTATION_GUIDE.md)** - RFP presentation tips
- **[PROJECT_SUMMARY.md](./PROJECT_SUMMARY.md)** - Technical architecture overview
- **[DEPLOYMENT.md](./DEPLOYMENT.md)** - Production deployment checklist

## 📄 Production Readiness

### ✅ Already Production-Ready
- [x] **Embeddable Widget** - Fully functional, copy-paste ready
- [x] **Demo Site** - Can be deployed immediately
- [x] **LG Brand Fonts** - Official LG EI fonts integrated
- [x] **Responsive Design** - Works on all devices
- [x] **Accessibility** - WCAG 2.2 AA compliant
- [x] **Modern Tech Stack** - React 19, Vite, Tailwind CSS

### 🔜 Next Steps for Full Production

1. **Backend Integration**
   - Connect to Akeneo PIM via Apigee
   - Implement real-time rebate data API
   - Set up data warehouse pipeline (BigQuery/Snowflake)

2. **Analytics Infrastructure**
   - Configure Google Analytics 4 tracking
   - Set up automated reporting
   - Implement role-based dashboard access

3. **Data Integration**
   - Real rebate data feed integration
   - ZIP code geolocation service
   - Provider/utility database connection

4. **Testing & Optimization**
   - Load testing for scale
   - Cross-browser compatibility testing
   - Performance optimization
   - Security audit

---

## 🎉 Demo Status

**✅ This is a WORKING demo with production-ready code!**

The embeddable widget is fully functional and can be:
- ✅ Deployed to Vercel in 5 minutes
- ✅ Embedded on any website immediately
- ✅ Customized for different brands/sites
- ✅ Demonstrated live to clients

**Demo Purpose**: This showcases complete platform capabilities for the LG Electronics RFP. The widget is production-ready and can be integrated immediately. Backend data integration and analytics infrastructure are the remaining steps for full production deployment.

Commit message:

Rebrand to Everblue Catalyst with new hero section
- Updated all branding from EcoRebates to Everblue Catalyst
- New hero copy: 'Rebate Intelligence That Converts'
- Added feature badges (Deploy in 3 Lines, White-Label Ready, Real-Time Analytics)
- Updated tagline to 'Rebate Intelligence Platform'
- Enhanced hero section with larger heading, better spacing, improved CTAs
- Updated page title and meta description for SEO
- Updated all documentation (README, PROJECT_SUMMARY, PRESENTATION_GUIDE)
- Changed package name to everblue-catalyst
- Replaced Vite favicon with LG logo
- All builds passing successfully

README.md, after:

# Everblue Catalyst - Rebate Intelligence Platform

**Rebate Intelligence That Converts**

> **By Everblue** - Powering energy-efficient purchasing decisions

Everblue Catalyst delivers location-aware rebate discovery with enterprise analytics. Track engagement, optimize conversions, and prove ROI—all while keeping customers on your site.

**Demo Platform for LG Electronics RFP**

🎉 **Production-Ready**: Includes a **fully functional, embeddable widget** with white-label customization that works on any website in 3 lines of code.

## 🎯 Overview

This demo showcases a complete solution for LG Electronics' rebate locator requirements, including:

- **Smart Rebate Discovery Tool** - ZIP code and category-based search
- **Advanced Analytics Dashboard** - Real-time metrics, funnels, and geographic insights
- **Embeddable Widget** - White-label solution with customizable CSS
- **WCAG 2.2 AA Compliance** - Full accessibility support

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Installation

```bash
npm install
```

### Development

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) in your browser.

### Build

```bash
# Build main site only
npm run build

# Build embeddable widget only
npm run build:widget

# Build everything (recommended for deployment)
npm run build:all
```

### 🎯 **Want to skip straight to deployment?**
See **[QUICKSTART.md](./QUICKSTART.md)** for 5-minute Vercel deployment guide!

## 📋 Key Features

### Rebate Locator Tool
- ✅ ZIP code-based search
- ✅ Product category filtering (HVAC, Water Heating, Kitchen Appliances, etc.)
- ✅ Federal, state, and utility provider rebates
- ✅ Direct links to rebate applications
- ✅ Responsive mobile-first design

### Analytics Dashboard
- ✅ Real-time KPIs (visitors, searches, clicks, conversion rates)
- ✅ Engagement trend charts
- ✅ Category performance analysis
- ✅ Conversion funnel visualization
- ✅ Geographic insights with top ZIP codes
- ✅ Device distribution analytics
- ✅ Top performing rebates tracking

### Embeddable Widget ⭐ **PRODUCTION-READY**
- ✅ **Real, working widget** - Not a mockup!
- ✅ Simple script tag integration
- ✅ Self-contained (~205KB, 64KB gzipped)
- ✅ Three deployment modes:
  - Product page integration (auto-populated)
  - Category page integration
  - Standalone rebate finder
- ✅ Customizable theming (colors, fonts)
- ✅ Works with all major CMS platforms
- ✅ Auto-initialization option (no JS required)
- ✅ Copy-paste ready - works immediately
- 🎥 **[View live examples](/white-label-demo.html)** after deployment

## 🔧 Technical Stack

- **Frontend**: React 18 + Vite
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **Charts**: Recharts
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **Routing**: React Router DOM

## 🏢 RFP Requirements Coverage

### ✅ Core Functionality
- [x] ZIP code, product category, and provider search
- [x] Dynamically generated tool for specific product pages
- [x] Standalone embeddable tool for category/rebate pages
- [x] User engagement tracking
- [x] White-label with customizable CSS

### ✅ Analytics & Reporting
- [x] Real-time analytics dashboards
- [x] User activity tracking (page views, sessions, searches)
- [x] Search behavior analytics
- [x] Click-through and conversion tracking
- [x] Geographic distribution insights
- [x] Device attribution
- [x] Engagement funnel visualization
- [x] Monthly usage summaries
- [x] Top category and rebate performance

### ✅ Integration Support
- [x] Akeneo PIM integration (via Apigee) - Architecture demonstrated
- [x] Multiple CMS compatibility (Contentstack, Umbraco, WordPress, Drupal)
- [x] Google Analytics 4 integration ready
- [x] Marketing automation (MCAE/Pardot) compatible
- [x] Salesforce ecosystem integration

### ✅ Accessibility
- [x] WCAG 2.2 AA compliant
- [x] ARIA labels throughout
- [x] Keyboard navigation support
- [x] Proper semantic HTML
- [x] High contrast color schemes

## 📊 Demo Data

The demo includes realistic mock data:
- 10 diverse rebate programs across multiple categories
- Federal IRA programs and utility provider rebates
- 45,000+ visitor analytics
- Multiple geographic regions (NY, CA, IL, TX, FL)

## 🎨 Widget Integration & Customization

### Basic Usage

```html
<!-- Add container -->
<div id="rebate-widget"></div>

<!-- Load widget (replace with your deployed URL) -->
<script src="https://your-project.vercel.app/widget.iife.js"></script>

<!-- Initialize -->
<script>
  RebateLocator.init({
    container: '#rebate-widget'
  });
</script>
```

### Advanced Configuration

```javascript
RebateLocator.init({
  container: '#rebate-widget',       // Required: CSS selector or DOM element
  mode: 'embedded',                  // 'embedded' or 'standalone'
  category: 'HVAC',                  // Pre-select category
  primaryColor: '#8b5cf6',           // Custom brand color
  productSku: 'HVAC-HP-2024',       // For product pages
  autoPopulateZip: true,             // Auto-detect ZIP code
  showFilters: true,                 // Show category filters
  enableAnalytics: true              // Enable tracking
});
```

### Auto-Initialize (No JavaScript)

```html
<div 
  data-rebate-locator
  data-category="Water Heating"
  data-primary-color="#0284c7"
></div>
```

📚 **Full documentation**: See [WIDGET_DEPLOYMENT.md](./WIDGET_DEPLOYMENT.md) for complete integration guide.

## 📈 Analytics Features

### Real-Time Metrics
- Total visitors and unique users
- Search volume and patterns
- Click-through rates
- Conversion tracking

### Visualizations
- Line charts for trend analysis
- Bar charts for category performance
- Pie charts for device distribution
- Funnel diagrams for conversion paths
- Geographic heatmaps for demand analysis

### Reporting
- Scheduled email reports
- CSV/Excel/PDF exports
- Role-based dashboard access
- Custom date range filtering

## 🔐 Security & Compliance

- Role-based access control for analytics
- Data warehouse integration (BigQuery/Snowflake ready)
- ≤15 minute data refresh latency
- 95%+ data accuracy guarantee
- Full WCAG 2.2 AA compliance

## 📱 Responsive Design

Fully responsive across all devices:
- Desktop (1920px+)
- Laptop (1024px+)
- Tablet (768px+)
- Mobile (320px+)

## 🎯 Use Cases

1. **Product Pages**: Auto-populate rebates for specific SKUs
2. **Category Pages**: Show all rebates for product categories
3. **Dedicated Rebate Pages**: Full-featured rebate finder
4. **Marketing Campaigns**: Track campaign attribution
5. **Partner Portals**: White-label for utility partners

## 📞 Support

Built to support:
- 9am-5pm EST business hours
- Multi-timezone team coordination
- Continuous uptime during peak periods
- Proof of performance documentation

## 🏗️ Architecture Highlights

- **Modular Components**: Reusable React components
- **API-First Design**: Ready for backend integration
- **Performance Optimized**: Fast initial load and interactions
- **SEO Friendly**: Server-side rendering ready
- **Analytics Tracking**: Event-driven architecture

## 📚 Documentation

- **[QUICKSTART.md](./QUICKSTART.md)** - 5-minute deployment guide
- **[WIDGET_DEPLOYMENT.md](./WIDGET_DEPLOYMENT.md)** - Complete widget integration guide
- **[PRESENTATION_GUIDE.md](./PRESENTATION_GUIDE.md)** - RFP presentation tips
- **[PROJECT_SUMMARY.md](./PROJECT_SUMMARY.md)** - Technical architecture overview
- **[DEPLOYMENT.md](./DEPLOYMENT.md)** - Production deployment checklist

## 📄 Production Readiness

### ✅ Already Production-Ready
- [x] **Embeddable Widget** - Fully functional, copy-paste ready
- [x] **Demo Site** - Can be deployed immediately
- [x] **LG Brand Fonts** - Official LG EI fonts integrated
- [x] **Responsive Design** - Works on all devices
- [x] **Accessibility** - WCAG 2.2 AA compliant
- [x] **Modern Tech Stack** - React 19, Vite, Tailwind CSS

### 🔜 Next Steps for Full Production

1. **Backend Integration**
   - Connect to Akeneo PIM via Apigee
   - Implement real-time rebate data API
   - Set up data warehouse pipeline (BigQuery/Snowflake)

2. **Analytics Infrastructure**
   - Configure Google Analytics 4 tracking
   - Set up automated reporting
   - Implement role-based dashboard access

3. **Data Integration**
   - Real rebate data feed integration
   - ZIP code geolocation service
   - Provider/utility database connection

4. **Testing & Optimization**
   - Load testing for scale
   - Cross-browser compatibility testing
   - Performance optimization
   - Security audit

---

## 🎉 Demo Status

**✅ This is a WORKING demo with production-ready code!**

The embeddable widget is fully functional and can be:
- ✅ Deployed to Vercel in 5 minutes
- ✅ Embedded on any website immediately
- ✅ Customized for different brands/sites
- ✅ Demonstrated live to clients

**Demo Purpose**: This showcases complete platform capabilities for the LG Electronics RFP. The widget is production-ready and can be integrated immediately. Backend data integration and analytics infrastructure are the remaining steps for full production deployment.
